Here, give me. Give me one.
Come, this is your warmth.
I don't want to play these games of yours
Oh, let's play, let's have fun together
We can't continue if you don't play
Just for fun
Yo you are hearts
Good luck
What happened to the hearts?
Ah our game
There are 40 cards in the deck.
There are two brown sugar in it. Did you get brown sugar?
I owe two minutes
I don't know your rules
I don't want to play well.
You don't want to go back on it, do you?
Drink it up.
All of us here
Which one is not rich and powerful?
You're a little maid, and you picked it up
Yes, warm.
You won't suffer.
Open the card, come and open the door to open the money
Let me see it.
Who is so unlucky to ask the maid a question?
Hey Ding Shao
Can't it be you?
I would love to.
But God doesn't give me this luck
Hey, who else hasn't opened it?
What about my brother?